over the next five years the British
construction industry is going to need
another half a million skilled
professionals renewable technology
engineers bricklayers plumbers
carpenters plasterers electricians
decorators and the men and women at the
sharp end of tomorrow's construction
industry are going to have to have not
only first-class training but the formal
qualifications including NVQ and diploma
to prove it the number of vocational
qualifications awarded this year will be
double that of five years ago where will
thousands of these new professionals get
both their training and their
qualifications
welcome to able skills Britain's leading
specialists in construction training
able skills was formed in 2002 to
provide the industry with the highest
possible quality of training today it's
the biggest and best equipped private
training center in the country it's
approved by and has accreditation to
offer qualifications on behalf of City &
Guilds the construction Awards Alliance
and the electrical bodies n IC e IC & EA
l and abel skills is an accredited gas
training and assessment centre and is
part of the National Skills Academy abel
skills is also an approved provider and
has helped many servicemen and women
build new careers outside the forces no
matter if you're a DIY enthusiast
looking to improve your skills a new
entrant to the industry looking for the
qualifications that will provide the
foundation for a successful career or an
established professional requiring
advanced training and qualifications
abel skills has the course for you we
offer training at all levels in
renewable technology electrical and
domestic installation plumbing
plastering
tiling
kitchen fitting
carpentry
Brick Lane
painting and decorating and gas boat
commercial and domestic trainees a table
skills are all ages and from all walks
of life whoever you are whatever your
goal there's nothing to stop you gaining
the skills or qualifications you require
all courses represent the highest value
for money we can even arrange
interest-free payment plans to help you
manage the cost of your training
flexibility is the key word a table
skills we do our very best to fit our
training into your schedule and around
your professional life we're open 7 days
a week and all training including
qualifications training is available at
weekends so if you're working through
the week you'll still have the
opportunity to train and get all the
qualifications you need our instructors
are individual professionals who've
spent years in their trade and who have
all the additional teaching
qualifications that mean they can pass
their skills on to you and assess your
progress they're all friendly
approachable and pride themselves that
their students not only leave with
exactly the skills and qualifications
they hope for but enjoy their time at
able skills able skills training centers
are based in Dartford encamped just two
minutes off the m25 and a two and a
short walk from Dartford station with
regular services taking only 30 minutes
from London's Charing Cross Victoria
Cannon Street and London Bridge stations
able skills students come from all over
the UK and even abroad and so we also
offer our own very reasonably priced
accommodation at the end of this
introduction you'll be returned to the
DVDs main menu where you'll find more
detailed information about our courses
in each construction skill just click on
the skill you're interested in
Abell skills Britain's leading
specialists in construction training